Fixed Typographical Error in guide/english/java/index.md (#35649)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/java/index.md

<a href='https://www.oracle.com/java/index.html' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>Java</a> is an object-oriented programming language developed by <a href='https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Microsystems' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>Sun Microsystems</a> in 1995, which was later acquired by <a href='http://www.oracle.com/index.html' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>Oracle</a>. It is now a full platform with lots of standard APIs, open source APIs, tools, a huge developer community, and is used to build the most trusted enterprise solutions by big and small companies alike. <a href='https://www.android.com/' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>Android</a> application development is done fully with Java and its ecosystem. To know more about Java, read <a href='https://java.com/en/download/faq/whatis_java.xml' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>this</a> and <a href='http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/what-is-java.html' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>this</a>.

## OBJECT-ORIENTED PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE

> JAVA is one of the OBJECT-ORIENTED PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES, unlike C and FORTRAN which are procedural languages. The OBJECT ORIENTED concept of programming makes it much more efficient than procedural languages. Basically, object orientation breaks the program into parts, which is decided by the programmer. Then the complete program is stored in the permanent memory and when it is executed only that part is brought to dynamic memory which is called by the programmer. Each such part is called a `class` and when it is called in the dynamic memory it is called an `object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAVA is one of the object-oriented programming languages, unlike C and FORTRAN which are procedural languages. The object-oriented concept of programming makes it much more efficient than procedural languages. Basically, object orientation breaks the program into parts, which is decided by the programmer. Then the complete program is stored in the permanent memory, and when it is executed, only that part is brought to dynamic memory which is called by the programmer. Each such part is called a `class` and when it is called in the dynamic memory, it is called an `object`.
```

## JVM

> After finishing the installation, we can begin to understand the nitty gritty of the Java ecosystem. Java is an <a href='http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1326071/is-java-a-compiled-or-an-interpreted-programming-language' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>interpreted and compiled</a> language, that is the code we write gets compiled to bytecode and interpreted to run. We write the code in .java files, Java compiles them into <a href='https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_bytecode' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>bytecodes</a> which are run on a Java Virtual Machine or JVM for execution. These bytecodes typically have a .class extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finishing the installation, we can begin to understand the nitty gritty of the Java ecosystem. Java is an <a href='http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1326071/is-java-a-compiled-or-an-interpreted-programming-language' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>interpreted and compiled</a> language, that is, the code we write gets compiled to bytecode and interpreted to run. We write the code in `.java` files, Java compiles them into <a href='https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_bytecode' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>bytecode</a> which is run on a Java Virtual Machine or JVM for execution. The bytecode typically has a `.class` extension.
```

> Java is a pretty secure language as it doesn't let your program run directly on the machine. Instead, your program runs on a Virtual Machine called JVM. This Virtual Machine exposes several APIs for low-level machine interactions you can make, but other than that you cannot play with machine instructions explicitly. This adds a huge bonus of security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java is a pretty secure language as it doesn't let your program run directly on the machine. Instead, your program runs on a virtual machine called the JVM (Java Virtual Machine). This virtual machine exposes several APIs for low-level machine interactions you can make, but other than that, you cannot play with machine instructions explicitly. This adds a huge bonus of security.
```
